.. include:: /Includes.rst.txt

.. _admin_upgrade_15.0:

==========================================
Upgrade to version 15.0
==========================================

Breaking changes
================

Drop extension news date localization
-------------------------------------

Corrective action
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Add the necessary configuration to the site package.

Replace bootstrap scroll spy js
-------------------------------

Description
~~~~~~~~~~~

Since the bootstrap scroll spy is buggy a replacement
has been introduced, dropping the typoscript configuration
constant `pizpalue.menu.scroll.offset` in favor of
`pizpalue.menu.scroll.rootMargin`.

Corrective action
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Review the typoscript scroll configuration.

Use easyconf constants substitution
-----------------------------------

Description
~~~~~~~~~~~

Since TYPO3 v12 typoscript constants are not
substituted anymore. The substitution is now
carried out by the extension easyconf by moving
the related constants to the typoscript path
`easyconf.substitutions`. Further the following
typoscript constants have been dropped:

- `pizpalue.agency.reference`
- `pizpalue.cutomer.copyright`

Corrective action
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

In case the extension easyconf is present save
the configurations through the easyconf form.

In case easyconf is not present define the
various constants manually.

Where the above-mentioned dropped constants
are used the following replacements should
be used:

- `pizpalue.agency.reference` -> no replacement
- `pizpalue.cutomer.copyright` ->
`page.theme.copyright.text`

Drop bootstrap 4
----------------

Corrective action
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Adapt site package accordingly.

Drop deprecated view helpers
----------------------------

Description
~~~~~~~~~~~

The deprecated view helpers
`BootstrapPackageFrameViewHelper` and
`PizpalueFrameViewHelper` have been dropped.

Corrective action
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Use the following replacements:

- `BootstrapPackageFrameViewHelper` ->
`\Buepro\Pizpalue\ViewHelpers\FrameViewHelper`

- `PizpalueFrameViewHelper` ->
`\Buepro\Pizpalue\ViewHelpers\FrameDataViewHelper`

Change google fonts url
-----------------------

Description
~~~~~~~~~~~

To use a different google fonts for headings the
typoscript constant `pizpalue.style.googleFontsUrl`
has been adapted. This constant itself referenced
other constants to specify the font families and
the font weights. Since the TYPO3 version 12.1
constants in constants aren't substituted anymore
hence the google url is faulty. The issue has been
addressed by dropping the constant
`pizpalue.style.googleFontsUrl` and adding the
constant `pizpalue.style.googleFontsUrlHeadingsSegment`
defining the url segment specifying the headings
font.

Corrective action
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

In case you used the constant
`pizpalue.style.googleFontsUrl` you need to
extract the additional font segment part and
assign it to the constant
`pizpalue.style.googleFontsUrlHeadingsSegment`.
Please Note that the leading pipe character
needs to be available.

Before:

`pizpalue.style.googleFontsUrl = https://fonts
.googleapis.com/css?display=swap&family=
{$page.theme.googleFont.font}:{$page.theme.
googleFont.weight}|Lobster:400`

Now:

`pizpalue.style.googleFontsUrlHeadingsSegment =
|Lobster:400`

Mind the leading `|` character.

Bump TYPO3 to v12.1
-------------------

Description
~~~~~~~~~~~

By supporting the main branch 12 support for the
main branch 10 has been dropped.
