.. include:: /Includes.rst.txt

.. _admin_upgrade_16.0:

==========================================
Upgrade to version 16.0
==========================================

Breaking changes
================

Make main navigation more accessible (04.10.2023, 7bdb001d)
-----------------------------------------------------------

Description
~~~~~~~~~~~

The adaption to a more accessible main menu
might lead to visual changes.

The main menu height depends on the rows used.
For a correct height calculatiuon the variable
`--pp-mainnavigation-row-count` has been added.

Corrective action
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Fine tune the visual appearance in the site
package. When working with more then one
main menu row use the variable
`--pp-mainnavigation-row-count` for the
height to be calculated correctly.

Related: bk2k/bootstrap_package#2775146d


Move main tag to contain all relevant content (02.10.2023, 46e68455)
--------------------------------------------------------------------

Related: bk2k/bootstrap_package#2bceb149


Migrate heading classes (02.10.2023, 1dc06af7)
----------------------------------------------

Description
~~~~~~~~~~~

The bootstrap package now provides as well
fields to alter the headings classes making
the pizpalue fields obsolete.

Corrective action
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Use the provided upgrade wizard to migrate
the heading settings to the bootstrap
package domain. ATTENTION: Each time you
run the wizard the field values in the
bootstrap package domain are overridden.
Use this wizard with care, usually just
once.

Related: bk2k/bootstrap_package#c37afe30


