# Release v11.0.0

**The first release to support bootstrap_package 11**

---

## New Features

### Image variants ([fb58d46f](https://github.com/buepro/typo3-pizpalue/commit/fb58d46f86d7e4d8c64d17f39245f05d41f856b5))

This feature introduced as well a breaking change that is described further down.

### Image shadow ([bb98ef87](https://github.com/buepro/typo3-pizpalue/commit/bb98ef879c73777748fdd077652985bc340eda29))

Adds a class allowing to apply a shadow to images. The class can be selected in the classes selector under the apearance tab from a content element.

---

## Improvements

### Overlay card ([3455b094](https://github.com/buepro/typo3-pizpalue/commit/3455b0945e060330550e7858100256add0c0726a))

The overlay card worked fine on desktop screens. For mobile screens the function has been improved and icon indicators were added to get the users attention.

---

## Breaking changes

Following breaking changes being introduced since version 9.5 will be outlined.

### Image variants selector ([fb58d46f](https://github.com/buepro/typo3-pizpalue/commit/fb58d46f86d7e4d8c64d17f39245f05d41f856b5))

#### Introduction

Normally images are used in content elements spanning the content area which defaults to a maximum width of 1100px. For one image various sizes are created for the different screen sizes. Their sizes are defined in a variants set in `typoscript`. In case images are used in a different context (e.g. when spanning the entire page width) different variants are required.

So far `pizpalue` provided a second variants that was automatically selected when no frame was assigned to a content element (assuming it then spans the entire page width). With this release the automatic selection has been dropped. The variants of interest can now be selected in the content element images tab.

#### Corrective action

Review the content for content elements with images that used no frame and check whether the image resolution on big screens is fine. If not select the `Full page width` variants for it.


### SCSS variables ([49a0fe4a](https://github.com/buepro/typo3-pizpalue/commit/49a0fe4a0f9fa701bc0e06d8b64835e893694c10))

#### Introduction

The extension `user_customer` uses SCSS variables from `pizpalue` that were found under

`@import "../../../../pizpalue/Resources/Public/Scss/Theme/variables";`

are now available under

`@import "../../../../pizpalue/Resources/Public/Scss/Theme/BootstrapPackage/variables";`

#### Corrective action

Check if the above mentioned variables are used in your installation and change the path accordingly.

In case the extension `user_customer` is in use check the file `user_customer/Resources/Public/Scss/custom.scss` for
any occurrence of

`@import "../../../../pizpalue/Resources/Public/Scss/Theme/variables";`

and exchange it with

`@import "../../../../pizpalue/Resources/Public/Scss/Theme/BootstrapPackage/variables";`

---

## Hints

### Social networks

`VK` abd `rss` are now available for configuration. These channels might be disabled in
`Configuration/TypoScript/constants.typoscript`:

```
page.theme {
 socialmedia {
   channels {
     vk.url =
     rss.url =
   }
 }
}
```
